Help me!
Then hurt them.
He thought that the fact that he had secretly sent a message to Kim Sa Bang would never be known.
Today's Poison and This
It's in memory of your sister and sister who died for you.
Master Tang.
This is Surabaya.
Looking at the hole here helplessly
Do you hate long lives? Do you think I look like a car messer?
If you're broken, part blind.
I'm not letting you go.
Oh, shit.
Are you having fun too early?
After I die.
You'll be down soon.
Your brother won't let you go.
Your boss Long Tuan Chu Khanh, right?
Oh, think too much.
In his eyes
You're a chess piece.
He thought he would waste his time and energy on a useless piece.
Not enough.
It's impossible.
Shao Long Soul Road Organization of the Four Thien Pillars of Long Quan Chu Khanh
Invite you to the Royal City.
Suitable to plus negotiate the situation of territorial division of the Male forces